# Stock_Analysis_v2---W.I.P

The programs contained in this repository utilize elements of python and various python modules to perform both fundamental and technical analysis on different stocks. Each program runs separately right now, but the plan is to eventually combine all of it with a master script once the different components are finished.

Fundamental: The fundamental data originally was webscraped from csimarket.com, but various inconveniences caused me to switch to the Edgar SEC databank which is much more comprehensive. In this databank can be found files titled "Form 10-k" which contain information such as the balance sheet, cash flow statement and income statements on every company that files taxes in America. This data is incredibly useful for looking into how at how a company manages its money and any outstanding debt. Each 10-k can be hundreds of pages long however, making it incredibly tedious to sort through the data for even one company. Currently, the fundamental section of this repository is capable of parsing the edgar data tree and saving all available fundamental data from the different financial documents dating back to 2008. The SEC's vast library of fundamental data provides many options for looking into the history of a company, and these allow me to identify any stocks that fit a certain criteria preset for growth in any fundamental category.

Technical: The technical data is acquired as arrays containing the close, open, volume and date of a stock for any day in the history of its existence. Recently sources of daily stock price data have been depreciating, so Alpha Vantage is one of the last options in obtaining this data. The technical section of this repository is responsible for receiving this data and for each calendar non business day calculating the historical average price/volume increase and the standard deviation of this percent increase. This is done for each year beginning on the year of the stocks release and the results are graphed by standard deviation size. This shows what days relative to the stocks history you are statistically most likely to make a gain and how much gain is predicted to be made listed in order of descending probability. These individual dates are then put through my stock backtester and the actual gains are graphed alongside the predicted gains with the summed actual gain displayed on top.

Sentiment: This set of scripts utilizes the google trends api pytrends to download sets of trend data for various keywords. These datasets which range from 2004 to present are saved locally with the pickle module. I have found stock prices seem to correlate with increases in the trend data. For example if a lot of people begin googling aapl in a given period there is an increase in the google trend graph, eventually leading to an increase in stock price. I plan on utilizing this with the backtester I made to best time my entries into the market and maximize my gains.


Sources: Edgar- https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html; AlphaVantage- https://www.alphavantage.co; GoogleTrends- https://trends.google.com/trends/
